chore: Changes to T&Cs, Terms of Use and  SLA (hCaptcha, file scanning, anonymity) (#5780)
cds-snc/platform-forms-client: public/static/content/en/sla.md

### GC Forms infrastructure providers are responsible for:

- Delivering emails with end-user data to the provided government email addresses, if forms were published forms prior to June 11, 2025.
- Scanning files attached to submissions for malicious content.
- Providing AWS service cloud infrastructure.
- Enforcing the [AWS terms of service](https://aws.amazon.com/service-terms/).

CDS is not responsible for issues or outages with AWS infrastructure that may impact system uptime and availability. CDS is also not responsible for Amazon infrastructure failure, AWS, or Simple Email Service (SES). CDS is responsible for updating clients on any information pertaining to an AWS outage.

> CDS  will not be providing security analysis or support for malicious file, beyond telling the client if a file is safe or not.

Author: ```suggestion
CDS  will not be providing additional support for malicious files, beyond telling the client if a file is safe or not. 
```
